ive been wanting to be able to autoscroll through tiktoks, youtube shorts, etc. for a long time. my use case for this is because i get annoyed when i want to use tiktok in the shower and my hands are wet. i know this is probably the worst use case you've ever heard, but i thought it would be fun to make nevertheless. i figured calling an API would be a bad idea since it would take a lot of work to actually deploy and use, so I started thinking more out of the box. since tiktok is controlled by a simple swipe motion, I thought my iphone would be able to handle automating the motion somehow. i looked into gestures and shortcuts before landing on voice control. voice control has a feature that lets you perform gestures upon a voice command, and i was able to easily create a gesture that swiped up whenever I said the word "next" while in the tiktok or youtube app. this works pretty well for me except having voice control on all the time is annoying, so i wouldn't call this a fully working hack. i did think it was cool that apple has all of these accessibility shortcuts for people who need them and I generally appreciate it when software lets end users "program" their devices (link to end-user programming ink n switch).

aside: i think end user programming should be *much* easier. a long term project i have in mind is some kind of software that lets you stitch APIs together - think zapier but on a much more personal level. i dream of being able to set reminders by sending an imessage, setting up stock market monitoring via slack in a few clicks, etc. ive tinkered with apple shortcuts for a while and have seen cool implementations like delayed messages via ios calendars and automation, and have even gotten stock market monitoring working with imessage. however, this software isn't as robust and versatile as i'd like, and I know apple will get better at this through the years but they'll never be able to integrate with *ALL* the services I use (i.e. google docs, etc).